now it's time for another round of
celebrities doing hilarious stuff online
so let's jump right into it with this
week's top viral videos Zach
Galifianakis released a new between two
ferns episode this week with James
Franco
but then musical guest the Lonely Island
came on and what we got was this spring
break music video circus
we're not sure if the lonely island guys
are trying to make a political statement
or if they just want an excuse to hold
hands with James Franco but it's nice to
see them showing their support for
same-sex marriage right along with
Minnesota and Delaware Andy and his crew
aren't the only ones with vast musical
talents John Krasinski stopped by late I
with Jimmy Fallon this week to show off
his fake pipes with a lip-syncing sing
off
[Applause]
[Music]
looks like somebody studied up with Katy
Perry's movie part of me you should
release the concert video and next it's
time to get real about Star Trek as a
notch the upcoming sequel the people
over at screen junkies have made yet
another honest trailer this time poking
fun at JJ Abrams says 2009 reboots and
Chris Pines fight face it's a saga that
asks all the important questions like
why does Chris Pine make the same stupid
face every time he gets budged
and oh we know no riders to working
truth hurts you guys and the truth bombs
don't end there a ten year old named
Cole has won the hearts of women
everywhere after he made a video dishing
out romantic advice to male college
co-eds on how to be nicer to girls it's
like that Justin Bieber song said when
you smile I smile man did I really just
quote just a beaver it all makes sense
right
be nice to girls be nice to everybody
make George Clooney proud and made a
knight in shining armor every woman
wants you to be be sure to go online and
watch the full three minutes this kid
really knows what he's talking about so
who's your favorite is it the Lonely
Island boys John Krasinski's Katy Perry
impression let us know in the comments